---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome to Space/ACC
authors: [spaceacc]
tags: [open source]
---

# Welcome to the Space/ACC Community!

Welcome aboard, space enthusiast! 🚀 Whether you're a seasoned veteran or a newcomer to the cosmos, we're thrilled to have you join us in the thrilling adventure of space exploration. Our community is a vibrant hub of innovation, collaboration, and discovery, and we're excited to embark on this journey with you.

<!--truncate-->

## About Us

The Space/ACC community is dedicated to pushing the boundaries of what's possible in space exploration. From amateur enthusiasts to seasoned professionals, our diverse community shares a common passion for exploring the unknown and unlocking the mysteries of the universe.

## Get Involved

We believe that the future of space exploration belongs to those who dare to dream, experiment, and innovate. That's why we invite you to contribute your talents, ideas, and expertise to our community. Whether you're a hardware guru, software wizard, or just curious about the cosmos, there's a place for you here.

### Build Hardware or Software

Are you passionate about building things that defy gravity? Whether it's designing rockets, satellites, or robotic explorers, we encourage you to roll up your sleeves and start tinkering. With the advent of accessible technology and open-source resources, the age of DIY space exploration is just beginning, and we're excited to see what you'll create.

### Experiment in Your Garage or in a Hacker Space

Got a garage, basement, or hacker space? Turn it into your own personal mission control center! Whether you're launching high-altitude balloons, building CubeSats, or experimenting with new propulsion systems, there's no limit to what you can achieve with a little ingenuity and a lot of determination.

### Join Us in Person!

Prefer face-to-face interaction? Join us at one of our in-person events, hackathons, or conferences! Rub shoulders with fellow space enthusiasts, attend workshops, and collaborate on projects that push the boundaries of space exploration. The age of two guys in their dorm room creating a space company and putting things into orbit or off-world is just about to begin, and we want you to be a part of it.

## Conclusion

So what are you waiting for? Dive in, get your hands dirty, and let's explore the cosmos together! Whether you're building rockets in your garage, writing code in your dorm room, or joining us in person at one of our events, the future of space exploration is in your hands. Welcome to the Space/ACC community — together, we'll reach for the stars! 🌌🛰️

